MITCH: A year ago,
the animals started acting strangely,
but no one noticed...
(growling)
until they began attacking,
coordinating,
evolving.
The animals were mutating,
and it was happening faster
than anyone expected.
(screaming)
The government came
up with a plan.
PSA NARRATOR: Thanks
to the Noah Objective,
in six to ten years,
the world's animal population
will be thriving once again.
Killing the animals?
Play God and repopulate the planet?
This is ridiculous.
MITCH: But messing
with Mother Nature
could be catastrophic,
so a group of us are
trying to save the animals.
Jackson Oz and Abraham Kenyatta,
animal experts.
Chloe Tousignant,
an intel operative.
Jamie Campbell,
a reporter who's been
following this story, found me,
Mitch Morgan,
a veterinary pathologist.
Together,
we're going to find a cure
for the animals.
Time is running out.
Previously on Zoo...
I compared your blood
to our one-armed friend.
You have the same mutilation.
If I can save you,
I can save the animals.
I'm a dead man.
And so are you if they find out
that we burned their money.
MASON: You have something
that belongs to us.
Where's my money?
(Jamie whimpers)
(slicing sound, Jamie grunts)
(Mason groans)
CHLOE: This is how many animals
they expect to eliminate
with the Noah Objective.
So General Davies knows
his big animal solution
will also kill
millions of people.
JACKSON: Best chance
we have to stop him
is inside the walls
of Reiden Global.
Our nations are facing
a dark time.
We must stop these animals.
CHLOE: That's the poison.
There will be nothing to vote on
if they can't do
the demonstration.
DARIELA: Let's go!
It's been hit. Run!
(explosion, alarm blaring)
(rumbling)
(Chloe grunts)
Jamie, she's in Caraquet.
Chloe!
Chloe! (alarm blaring)
Damn it.
Chloe!
FEMALE AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning.
Contamination detected.
Air purification initiated.
Chloe!
FEMALE AUTOMATED VOICE: Warning.
Contamination detected.
Air purification initiated.
(air whooshing)
♪
(air whooshing sound)
FEMALE AUTOMATED VOICE:
Air purification completed.
Grab her. Come here.
Come here, Chloe. Oh, my God.
Straighten out her legs.
Okay, Chloe?
(grunts) JACKSON: You're okay.
You're okay.
Okay? Shh. Chloe?
Hey, hey.
Here we go.
(Mitch grunting) Come on.
Come on. Breathe. Come on.
JACKSON: Come on, babe.
Stay with me.
(groans) Come on, come
on, come on come on.
(grunting)
(gasping)
Oh! Chloe!
Oh, thank God.
(door opens) SOLDIER: Come on.
This way. Corridor B.
Davies.
We got to get her out of here.
Okay. Let's go.
RADIO NEWSCASTER: Antibiotics
remain in short supply
throughout the European Union
as the animal
uprising continues.
I don't understand.
Why aren't they
saying anything about
the leopard or the cure?
Jamie... Just hold on.
The ongoing border dispute...
(radio turns off)
Hey!
Just let me get this out, okay?
You don't have to...
Jamie, I almost got you killed.
I'm glad
that Mason's dead.
You did what you had to
do, but...
what happened back
there, that's on me.
Sorry that I got you
mixed up in all of this.
Doesn't matter,
let's just get to Caraquet.
Find a phone so I
can call my friends.
(engine sputters)
Why are you slowing down?
I'm not.
Something's wrong.
(engine sputters, turns off)
Do you know what you're doing?
Yeah, I rebuilt my first
carburetor when I was ten.
No!
I know, it's hard to
believe I'm actually good
for something, but... No, look.
This is not possible.
Is that...
Caraquet.
You're fine.
You got this, you're doing great.
You're good.
Trotter's preparing for takeoff.
He said someone's been
trying to contact us
on the plane's secure channel.
Don't answer.
Secure or not, we can't risk
letting Davies
know where we are.
(panting): Leave.
What?
Get her out of here, Abe.
Rafiki...
Get her out of here, Abe!
Come on.
Let's go help Trotter.
JACKSON: Yeah, come on, yeah.
You're doing great.
Come on, come on,
you're all right.
What is that? Adrenaline.
(grunts)
Yeah.
She's okay.
She's okay. You got it.
What's going on?
(weakly): Jamie...
Did you find Jamie?
Do you know...
Do you know where she's at?
Caraquet.
Cara... Caraquet.
Jamie's in Caraquet?
(gasps)
Cour... Courier...
Courier?
What's a "courier," baby?
What do you mean "courier?"
(heart monitor beeping)
(heart monitor flatlines)
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on.
Stay with me, No,
you were doing good.
You were doing good.
You're right here, right?
You're right here.
Mitch, give her another shot.
I can't.
Her body can't take it.
Then give her something else.
(stammers) Give her something!
There's nothing I can do!
Come on.
Come on, baby,
you're doing great.
Hey. But you...
Hey! You had it.
You had it.
Hey.
You're gonna be fine, sweetie.
♪
So the fuel gauge is busted.
We've probably been
running on fumes
for the last 30 miles.
(car door opens)
What are you doing?
I'm walking.
Look, I'm as optimistic
as the next guy,
but you saw what I saw.
There's nothing left.
Caraquet's gone.
Fine, stay here.
(sighs)
(chuckles)
(muttering)
(sniffling)
What?
I just... (sighs)
I just wanted to say
how sorry I am.
Tell me what happened.
Tell me.
One of Davies' men
shot the gas canister.
(voice breaking): It was
leaking, so we ran.
I thought Chloe was
right behind me.
But there wasn't enough
time, and then the gas, it...
it was spreading, so I...
(sighs)
I had to.
You had to what? Jackson...
Tell me.
What'd you have to do?
What did you have to do?
I had to shut the door.
I had to shut the door,
there was no other choice.
Couldn't have waited
three seconds?
I didn't have three seconds.
You weren't there.
I had to make a
decision or all of us,
everyone at the reception,
we'd all be lined up beside her.
So you say.
LOGAN: How's your foot?
JAMIE: Foot's fine.
We're almost there.
Jamie, maybe we should go back.
(roaring in distance)
What is that?
(roaring continues,
leaves rustling)
Run.
What is that thing?
I don't know.
Let's not find out.
(both panting)
(chain fence rattling)
(Logan groans)
(Jamie grunts) LOGAN: Come
on, I'll help you over.
(grunts)
(roaring intensifies)
What the hell was that?
(heavy breathing)
This isn't happening.
Jackson... No, uh, it-it's...
none of it.
It can't be. I'm...
imagining it.
I'm imagining all of it. I'm...
She was trying to tell
me something, Abe.
What do you mean?
Before she died,
she was trying to
tell me something
about "The Courier."
What is "The Courier"?
I don't know,
but it was important to her.
(Abraham grunts)
Oh... What the hell's that?
Trotter.
Trotter!
(over intercom): It's not me.
Someone else is
flying the plane.
What...
what does that mean,
somebody else is
flying the plane?
It must be Davies.
MITCH: Well, how?
He must have hacked our plane.
(clunk, whirring)
That's the landing
gear coming down.
TROTTER: Everyone strap in.
We're landing,
whether we like it or not.
(indistinct chatter)
(Jamie coughs)
(coughing)
What were you doing out there?
Trying to stay alive.
What the hell's
outside the fence?
Where did you come from?
About 40 kilometers south.
Is anyone else with you?
What's up with
the interrogation?
You want to take the bass
out of your voice, son,
or have me knock it out?
JAMIE: Whoa.
What happened to Caraquet?
The fires.
Did the animals do that?
No.
We did.
There's nobody out there.
We're almost at the
end of the runway.
I don't see anything. No.
(Dariela exhales)
Stuff this in your ears
and cover your eyes
when they breach.
Why? Flashbangs.
Two through the door.
Then they come in shooting.
That's what I would do.
Flank the door.
Get behind cover now.
(rifle clicks)
Hit 'em as soon as they
come through that door.
Don't let 'em hit first.
Hold your fire.
Please don't shoot.
That goes double for you.
Who the hell are you?
This could've all
been much simpler
if you'd just picked up
on the secure channel.
We installed
an emergency
override just in case
I ever needed to take
remote control of my plane.
Your plane?
Yes. Mine.
Hello, Mitch.
Allison.
You two know each other?
She's my stepmom.
I'm Gwen.
You'll have to excuse Curtis.
We don't get many visitors.
Well, what happened here?
Well, Caraquet was
overrun five months ago.
By the time the
military arrived,
we'd lost hundreds of people.
They planned to evacuate
us in three weeks.
The first wave included
the injured and infirm.
But the soldiers
never came back.
Word is, they all went home
to save their kin and
head for the hills.
We've been on our
own ever since.
What about the
fires and the smoke?
That's to keep the animals away.
We burn around the clock.
We ran into something out there.
Something big.
To be honest,
most of us haven't
been outside in months.
LOGAN: How do you get
food and supplies?
The school was the town's
emergency relief center.
Lucky for us,
it was stocked before the attacks.
So do you have a sat phone?
Or a radio?
We don't.
Sorry.
We have a doctor.
Urologist, but, uh,
I'll have him come by
and take a look at your foot.
Oh, thank you.
But first,
get changed.
You will feel better
with some clean
clothes and a shower.
You have running water?
And a temperamental
water heater.
But the good news
is, you're safe.
Welcome to Caraquet.
Let's just start over, shall we?
My name is Allison Shaw.
I'm the Deputy Secretary
of Defense and, yes,
I was married to Mitch's father.
Somebody else want to talk now?
JACKSON: I do.
We've been flying around
on your stepmother's plane
and you didn't think to tell us?
Keeping secrets like this...
Mitch had no idea.
I made sure of it.
We haven't spoken in...
12 years.
So why now,
Allison?
What do you want with us?
Why'd you bring us here?
With Amelia gone
and Eleanor gone,
there's fewer of us left.
We need to work together.
We have to.
My family owns
the largest orchard
on the West Coast,
and our trees are all dying.
I need your help to stop it.
You just said that you
work for the Pentagon,
so why would you need our help?
Because the government can't
know anything about this.
If Davies finds out
that our food source
is threatened,
he'll use it to leverage
additional resources
to the Noah Objective.
You're the only ones
that I can trust.
So...
Chloe's dead.
Jamie's in some Canadian...
Wait, Chloe's... Chloe's dead?
What happened?
We disrupted General Davies'
event in Vancouver and...
I'm sorry. JACKSON: Can you just
back that up for a second?
You knew Chloe?
She and Eleanor
were the only ones
who knew that I was
behind your team.
I've been secretly working
against Davies,
trying to find an alternative
to the Noah Objective.
Well, then, let us go find
that alternative, okay?
Because that's
what Chloe wanted.
ALLISON: Please.
I need you to come
with me to my orchard.
You know, we're not gonna
go anywhere with you.
You can keep your stupid plane.
We'll find another way to
get Jamie and find a cure.
What he said.
Did Chloe ever
mention "The Courier"?
JACKSON: Yeah.
Yeah, she did, right...
What the hell do you know?
You save my family's orchard,
and this plane is
yours, no strings.
And I'll tell you everything.
(indistinct chatter)
Hey.
How was the shower?
Uh, freezing.
And wonderful. (Laughs)
You're skinnier
than I'd imagined.
(chuckles) 'Cause of the parka.
It's, like,
three sizes too big for you.
Not that I was
imagining anything...
I'm gonna stop talking.
(laughs)
MAN: Hey.
Where did you get that?
Excuse me?
That sweatshirt.
Why do you have it?
Easy, man.
It's not yours.
Uh, well, Gwen gave it to me...
Is there a problem here?
Yeah, this guy's hassling Jamie
about the sweatshirt
that you gave her.
Is that true, David?
I-I'm sorry. I made a mistake.
I... My bad.
What's his problem?
We've been here a long time.
Some have adjusted
better than others.
ALLISON: This time
of the season,
these branches should
be heavy with fruit,
but everything's stunted.
It's stopped growing.
It's the same story
all over the area.
And it's spreading.
Look at this stuff.
What are you?
It looks like glass to me,
so that's what we've
been calling it.
It poisons the trees.
Soaks in through the roots.
It's in the soil throughout
the entire property.
MAN: I've been working here
half my life and I've never
seen anything like it.
At this rate, we won't produce
a tenth of our normal yield.
Damn.
ALLISON: With no one
eating meat anymore,
fruit is more
important than ever.
If this continues to spread,
hundreds of thousands
of people will starve.
And you think that an
animal is behind this glass?
Well, it's not plant-based.
And given your work
connecting mutated animals
to environmental events...
If there is a connection,
we'll find it.
(zips bag closed)
Then we can get the
hell out of here.
(insects trilling)
(slithering)
(wet slithering)
(coughs, grunting)
Oh, Bill!
Bill!
Well, it's not glass.
Thought that part was obvious.
Right.
But bet you wouldn't have
guessed it's organic.
Cellular structure's
a lot like skin... with, uh,
traces of toxic residue
that are definitely
animal-based.
Well, what animal do
you think it's from?
I don't know yet.
But if we're gonna
make it to Caraquet,
I better figure that out quick.
Right?
Oh.
You're not here to
talk about toxic glass,
are you?
All right, look.
If you want to talk
about Allison...
Last night,
when I was saying good-bye
to Chloe, um...
I started crying...
Yeah. Well...
black tears.
They were thick,
almost like oil.
Anybody see this?
No.
You're displaying the same
symptomology as Kovacs.
Right before he escaped,
I saw the same thing.
It was black tears.
So what does that mean,
that I'm progressing?
I'm one step closer to him?
Okay, I get it. It's your plane.
You've got to learn to knock.
Not now, Mitch.
Please, it's Bill.
You have to help him.
(gagging) BILL'S
WIFE: He's in here.
What's wrong with him?
(groans loudly) Help him!
Bill, hey. Look at me.
Can you speak?
Try Dr. Miller again.
Hurry. (Bill groaning)
Can you speak?
No.
JACKSON: Whoa!
ALLISON: Bill?
(gagging, groaning)
Is that the stuff
from the orchard?
Bill?
(groaning)
(hissing)
ALLISON: Mitch?
Help him, for God's sake!
We gotta pull it out.
Hold him.
We got to pull it out!
Go, grab it!
God!
(groaning)
(snake hissing)
Bill? (wheezing)
Bill?
I keep seeing her face
through the glass.
When I turned back,
Chloe wasn't behind me.
Just a wall of gas.
I didn't want to
close that door.
But I did.
And then her face was there.
I'm sorry.
But when I look at you now,
all I see is the fact that
Chloe is no longer with us.
And I have to live with that.
You get the feeling like
we're the new kids in school?
JAMIE: Yeah,
except all the teachers are freaks
and the students are weirdos.
I'd stay away
from the mashed potatoes.
Uh, they look good to me.
Looks can be deceiving.
They-they make
'em with rutabaga.
There's a lot of
rutabaga up here.
Um...
JAMIE: Ooh. WOMAN: Oh...
crap, I'm so sorry.
Don't worry about it.
Run.
What?
First chance you get, run.
CURTIS: Maddie.
What happened here?
Clumsy me.
I, uh...
I swear my hands are
still numb from the cold.
Can you get Jamie another plate?
Sure thing, Curtis.
Clean this up, will you?
Sorry.
At least now we know
it's poisoning the trees.
That stuff he threw
up, the glass,
same stuff we saw
in the orchard.
Snake shed it like
molted skin.
Given the amount of glass
we saw in the orchard,
there must be
thousands of snakes.
So where are all
the snakes hiding?
Snake came in through the
toilet, right?
It certainly looks like it.
I think I got an idea.
This is the aquifer that runs
underneath your property.
It supplies water to
all the farms in the county.
My thought is that
the snakes are shedding
their toxic glass
directly into your
farm's water supply.
What about the drinking water? The county
draws it from the river, so at least
we don't have to worry about
contamination. But we do.
Your aquifer
feeds into tons of other
public water sources
for hundreds of miles.
Your farm is only the beginning.
So these snakes,
they're going to poison the entire.
Pacific Northwest.
JACKSON: Countless
innocent people are
gonna be drinking poison
directly from their kitchen
sinks unless we do something.
So how do we stop it?
Poison them.
Before they poison us.
Hey.
You shouldn't be back here.
Why did you tell us to run?
'Cause you're gonna end up
outside the fence anyway.
Might as well have a chance.
What are you talking about?
Tonight is another vote.
Vote?
Yeah.
What are they voting on?
The feeding.
"The feeding?"
What the hell is that?
GWEN: You'll find out
soon enough.
I'm disappointed, Maddie.
No!
Hey, hey. No. MADDIE: No!
(men grunting)
(grunting, clattering)
(grunting continues)
Glad to see you still
have some fight in you.
You're gonna need it.
Both of you.
(rattling)
Just tell me how it will work.
I'd rather not.
Mitch, you are using my lab
to make a poison that
you want to dump into
the water supply,
so just lose the misunderstood
misanthrope act and tell
me how it will work,
or I will shut it down.
I've never known
anybody who threatens
to take their
ball away and go home
more than you do.
Mom.
I would've thought by now you
wouldn't let personal issues
get in the way of, well,
saving the world. Personal?
You made it personal.
We were finally on our
way to go get Jamie.
You come and yank
us out of the air.
Damn it, Mitch,
I brought you here.
I gave you this lab, this plane,
because I believe in you.
Eleanor sent me
dozens of alternatives
to the Noah Objective.
I passed on all of them
until I saw your name.
All of this is because I
know you better than anyone.
You're the best at what you
do, you just needed someone
to back you up.
So tell me,
did I bet on the right horse?
(clears throat)
The vomeronasal organ.
Also known as Jacobson's organ.
(sighs)
It's a sort of...
primitive olfactory receptor.
It sits in front of the brain.
When a snake flicks its tongue,
it's gathering
particles to process
through its Jacobson's organ.
This formula,
when ingested,
will cause that organ to swell.
Till it presses
against the brain,
shutting off all the snake's...
bodily functions.
How do we know that
it won't hurt humans?
(sighs)
(smacks lips) We good?
Yeah.
'Cause I got to make a whole
bunch of this stuff. Mm-hmm.
(hissing, clattering)
(hissing)
ALLISON: Oh, my God.
(hissing continues)
(stammers) Uh...
we got a problem in here.
Are you okay?
(hissing, rattling)
Oh.
Uh, for the moment.
Where's the poison?
Einstein over here drank it.
You did what?
I was making a point.
I'll get the tranqs.
I got this.
Jackson...
Easy. Easy.
(loud hiss)
You sure you want to do this?
Easy.
ABRAHAM: Rafiki.
My God.
Rafiki, how did you...
We should talk.
ALLISON: Give me the formula
for the poison.
I'll have my guy
start synthesizing it.
And then we can
leave for Caraquet?
Yes we can. "We?"
You can explain on the way.
Tomorrow another
feeding is upon us.
So, tonight we vote.
Why do we have to vote?
Can't we just feed those
two to the animals?
We all agreed to
abide by the vote.
You don't have to do this.
Help is coming.
GWEN: I wish that were true.
But we've all learned
that we need to help ourselves.
We guarantee the
safety of the many
with the sacrifice of a few.
Do you really think that
you've made some kind of deal
with what's out there?
We do.
How else to explain
that we're still here?
Since we began the feedings,
we've had no unexpected attacks.
Which is why
it must continue.
Let's just vote, Gwen.
Okay.
Nominations.
I nominate the girl.
Jamie.
LOGAN: Wait a minute.
I'll go with Jamie.
Any seconds?
ALL: Aye.
We need another.
I nominate Maddie.
JAMIE: No.
She's just a child.
Who's subject to the vote
like everyone else here.
Any seconds?
ALL: Aye. LOGAN: No!
Just take me!
No, that's okay.
I'd rather be
eaten by wild goats
then spend another second
with you monsters. GWEN: Jamie
and Maddie.
All in favor.
ALL: Aye.
Opposed.
You people, you're crazy!
Enough.
It's been decided.
Tomorrow morning...
this month's feeding
will commence.
My mom used to teach here.
Art.
She was a total hippie.
(chuckles, then sniffles)
Always wanted to teach children
the beauty in the world.
What happened to her?
Instead, it was the animals.
I'm sorry.
(choked up): Yeah.
It's probably better she
never saw any of this.
There's nothing beautiful
left in Caraquet.
Well, Caraquet... the world...
Is not what it used to be.
But you cannot give up.
There's nothing we can do.
The Feeding's in a few hours.
I mean...
Don't be so sure.
ABRAHAM: Why did you
not tell us this before?
I wanted to.
Chloe and I shut it down.
But why? What if he goes berserk
and starts attacking people,
like Kovacs did? She's right.
Is it even safe for
Jackson to be here?
Well, like it or
not, I have to be,
because without me,
you have no cure.
All right.
There's something
you all should see.
This is the DNA molecule
we all came to know and
love in high school biology.
Double helix.
Two strands of
genetic information,
elegantly entwined together.
This...
is what Jackson's
DNA looks like.
The mutation has caused it
to develop a third strand.
A Triple-Helix?
And this structure isn't
unique to just Jackson.
He shares it
with the vultures,
the ants, the sloth,
the snakes. ABRAHAM: So...
tell us about the cure.
Okay. Well, Jackson is the key.
Because this
Triple-Helix structure
isn't the only thing his DNA
shares with these animals.
They also share genomic fossils.
Extinct genes.
Genetic instructions
that were silenced
millions of years ago,
thought to be non-functional
until now.
If you think of the
rungs on a ladder,
each rung contains
genomic fossils from
a different animal.
If I can identify each one,
and its animal source,
I should be able to
come up with a cure
and reverse the mutation.
You already know four, right?
And they all check out.
So that leaves us
three more animals
to identify and capture.
Once we've identified
all seven genomic fossils,
I should be able to
eliminate that third strand.
DARIELA: Sounds like
you got your work
cut out for you.
We could use your help.
Be good to have you
with us on the team.
What do you say?
Copy that.
Nice pep rally in there.
Wasn't a pep rally.
It's, uh, it's the truth.
I'm glad you're
gonna stay with us.
I know you are.
But you don't want
me on the team
because of the way I
make blueberry pancakes
or to borrow my
hip-hop mix tape.
You want me here
to put a bullet in your head
if you end up like Kovacs.
That's right.
Mitch, Abe...
they won't be able to.
But I can. Because... Yeah.
Because I shut
the door on Chloe.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I did have three seconds.
Maybe not.
I hesitated.
Maybe if I hesitated more,
Chloe would be alive.
But you...
you go sideways,
like the monster that
killed my friends?
I won't hesitate.
That's a promise.
He's so cute.
MAN: Oh, yes.
Can I touch him?
Absolutely, madam.
MAN: You know,
I think he wants you to have this.
CHLOE: Oh, does he?
MAN: Ah, yes, madam.
This is the symbol
Osram Ne Nsoroma.
It means "the moon
and the star."
Love. Harmony.
Harmony.
I think we could all use
a little bit more
harmony, you know?
How are you doing?
(sighs)
Thanks.
Chloe never stopped believing
that she could fix this.
It's all she wanted.
It's what she died for.
And she's never gonna
be able to see it.
I remember when I
was a little boy,
at my grandmother's funeral.
When all the mourners sang,
I asked my papa.
"What's the point of
singing these songs
if Grandma cannot hear it?"
What did he say?
He said the songs are not sung
for those we sing to,
but for the singer.
I want to see that world
again, Abe.
You will.
To Chloe.
Jamie!
Hey.
Hey, whoa! JAMIE: Stop it!
Can I at least say good-bye?
Go ahead.
Gwen!
Please, please, please!
This isn't fair, please...
I will do anything!
Please, I will do anything!
Take this.
Throw it in one of the
barrels by the fence.
Gwen, please! No!
This isn't fair! This isn't...
(sobs) Let's go.
Please! Unlock it!
GWEN: Open the gate!
MADDIE: No!
Help!
(Maddie screams)
Stop!
(Maddie screaming)
No!
(sobbing): No! Stop!
Stop! (Screams)
(gate clangs shut)
We're not done here.
I think we are.
Did it work?
I hope so.
(loud snarling)
(people screaming)
(screaming)
Are you okay? Yeah.
The bus.
(snarling)
See if you can find the key.
Let me in!
Jamie, let me...
Jamie, please, please!
(snarling)
No.
Jamie!
Let go!
(roars)
(screams)
(Gwen screaming)
(screaming stops)
(growling)
Take Maddie out the back.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna draw
'em the other way.
What? Like hell you are.
I brought you to Caraquet,
and I'm gonna get you out.
Go.
(bears growling)
Hey!
How many people
are in the school?
Oh, my God.
♪